charts/cachemachine/README.md, before:

# cachemachine

![Version: 1.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.12](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.12-informational?style=flat-square)

Service to prepull Docker images for the Science Platform

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| cbanek |  |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| autostart | object | `{}` | Autostart configuration. Each key is the name of a class of images to pull, and the value is the JSON specification for which and how many images to pull. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override the full name for resources (includes the release name) |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for the cachemachine image |
| image.repository | string | `"lsstsqre/cachemachine"` | cachemachine image to use |
| image.tag | string | The appVersion of the chart | Tag of cachemachine image to use |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Secret names to use for all Docker pulls |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{"nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-method":"GET","nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-url":"http://gafaelfawr.gafaelfawr.svc.cluster.local:8080/auth?scope=exec:admin"}` | Additional annotations to add to the ingress. |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to create an ingress |
| ingress.host | string | None, must be set if the ingress is enabled | Hostname for the ingress |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Configures TLS for the ingress if needed. If multiple ingresses share the same hostname, only one of them needs a TLS configuration. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override the base name for resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selector rules for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.name | string | Name based on the fullname template | Name of the service account to use |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| vaultSecretsPath | string | None, must be set | Path to the Vault secret containing the Docker credentials |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

Update cachemachine Ingress configuration
Separate the cachemachine Ingress into an authenticated one and an
unauthenticated one, in preparation for making the Nublado query to
cachemachine go through the ingress so that we can add
NetworkPolicy protection.  The net effect of this will prevent anyone
inside the cluster from telling cachemachine to cache arbitrary
images, which could pose a security concern.

charts/cachemachine/README.md, after:

# cachemachine

![Version: 1.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.2.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.1.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Service to prepull Docker images for the Science Platform

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| cbanek |  |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| autostart | object | `{}` | Autostart configuration. Each key is the name of a class of images to pull, and the value is the JSON specification for which and how many images to pull. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override the full name for resources (includes the release name) |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for the cachemachine image |
| image.repository | string | `"lsstsqre/cachemachine"` | cachemachine image to use |
| image.tag | string | The appVersion of the chart | Tag of cachemachine image to use |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Secret names to use for all Docker pulls |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations to add for endpoints that are authenticated. |
| ingress.anonymousAnnotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations to add for endpoints that allow anonymous access, such as `/*/available`. |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` | Whether to create an ingress |
| ingress.gafaelfawrAuthQuery | string | `"scope=exec:admin"` | Gafaelfawr auth query string |
| ingress.host | string | None, must be set if the ingress is enabled | Hostname for the ingress |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Configures TLS for the ingress if needed. If multiple ingresses share the same hostname, only one of them needs a TLS configuration. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override the base name for resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selector rules for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| service.port | int | `80` | Port of the service to create and map to the ingress |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Type of service to create |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.name | string | Name based on the fullname template | Name of the service account to use |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the cachemachine frontend pod |
| vaultSecretsPath | string | None, must be set | Path to the Vault secret containing the Docker credentials |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
