charts/alert-database/README.md, before:

# alert-database

![Version: 1.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Archival database of alerts sent through the alert stream.

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| swnelson | swnelson@uw.edu |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| ingester.gcp.projectID | string | `""` | Project ID which has the above GCP IAM service account |
| ingester.gcp.serviceAccountName | string | `""` | Name of a service account which has credentials granting access to the alert database's backing storage buckets. |
| ingester.image.imagePullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| ingester.image.repository | string | `"lsstdm/alert_database_ingester"` |  |
| ingester.image.tag | string | `"v2.0.1"` |  |
| ingester.kafka.cluster | string | `"alert-broker"` | Name of a Strimzi Kafka cluster to connect to. |
| ingester.kafka.port | int | `9092` | Port to connect to on the Strimzi Kafka cluster. It should be an internal listener that expects SCRAM SHA-512 auth. |
| ingester.kafka.strimziAPIVersion | string | `"v1beta2"` | API version of the Strimzi installation's custom resource definitions |
| ingester.kafka.topic | string | `"alerts-simulated"` | Name of the topic which will holds alert data. |
| ingester.kafka.user | string | `"alert-database-ingester"` | The username of the Kafka user identity used to connect to the broker. |
| ingester.logLevel | string | `"verbose"` | set the log level of the application. can be 'info', or 'debug', or anything else to suppress logging. |
| ingester.schemaRegistryURL | string | `""` | URL of a schema registry instance |
| ingester.serviceAccountName | string | `"alert-database-ingester"` | The name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount (*not* the Google Cloud IAM service account!) which is used by the alert database ingester. |
| storage.gcp.alertBucket | string | `""` | Name of a Google Cloud Storage bucket in GCP with alert data |
| storage.gcp.project | string | `""` | Name of a GCP project that has a bucket for database storage |
| storage.gcp.schemaBucket | string | `""` | Name of a Google Cloud Storage bucket in GCP with schema data |

Commit message:

alert-database: add pathType to ingress

charts/alert-database/README.md, after:

# alert-database

![Version: 2.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.0.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Archival database of alerts sent through the alert stream.

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| swnelson | swnelson@uw.edu |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override the full name for resources (includes the release name) |
| ingester | object | `{"gcp":{"projectID":"","serviceAccountName":""},"image":{"imagePullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"lsstdm/alert_database_ingester","tag":"v2.0.1"},"kafka":{"cluster":"alert-broker","port":9092,"strimziAPIVersion":"v1beta2","topic":"alerts-simulated","user":"alert-database-ingester"},"logLevel":"verbose","schemaRegistryURL":"","serviceAccountName":"alert-database-ingester"}` |  it to the database backend. |
| ingester.gcp.projectID | string | `""` | Project ID which has the above GCP IAM service account |
| ingester.gcp.serviceAccountName | string | `""` | Name of a service account which has credentials granting access to the alert database's backing storage buckets. |
| ingester.kafka.cluster | string | `"alert-broker"` | Name of a Strimzi Kafka cluster to connect to. |
| ingester.kafka.port | int | `9092` | Port to connect to on the Strimzi Kafka cluster. It should be an internal listener that expects SCRAM SHA-512 auth. |
| ingester.kafka.strimziAPIVersion | string | `"v1beta2"` | API version of the Strimzi installation's custom resource definitions |
| ingester.kafka.topic | string | `"alerts-simulated"` | Name of the topic which will holds alert data. |
| ingester.kafka.user | string | `"alert-database-ingester"` | The username of the Kafka user identity used to connect to the broker. |
| ingester.logLevel | string | `"verbose"` | set the log level of the application. can be 'info', or 'debug', or anything else to suppress logging. |
| ingester.schemaRegistryURL | string | `""` | URL of a schema registry instance |
| ingester.serviceAccountName | string | `"alert-database-ingester"` | The name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount (*not* the Google Cloud IAM service account!) which is used by the alert database ingester. |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` | Whether to create an ingress |
| ingress.gafaelfawrAuthQuery | string | `"scope=exec:admin"` | Query string for Gafaelfawr to authorize access |
| ingress.host | string | None, must be set if the ingress is enabled | Hostname for the ingress |
| ingress.path | string | `"/alertdb"` | Subpath to host the alert database application under the ingress |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Configures TLS for the ingress if needed. If multiple ingresses share the same hostname, only one of them needs a TLS configuration. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override the base name for resources |
| server.gcp.projectID | string | `""` | Project ID which has the above GCP IAM service account |
| server.gcp.serviceAccountName | string | `""` | Name of a service account which has credentials granting access to the alert database's backing storage buckets. |
| server.image.imagePullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| server.image.repository | string | `"lsstdm/alert_database_server"` |  |
| server.image.tag | string | `"v2.1.0"` |  |
| server.logLevel | string | `"verbose"` | set the log level of the application. can be 'info', or 'debug', or anything else to suppress logging. |
| server.service.port | int | `3000` |  |
| server.service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| server.serviceAccountName | string | `"alertdb-reader"` | The name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount (*not* the Google Cloud IAM service account!) which is used by the alert database server. |
| storage.gcp.alertBucket | string | `""` | Name of a Google Cloud Storage bucket in GCP with alert data |
| storage.gcp.project | string | `""` | Name of a GCP project that has a bucket for database storage |
| storage.gcp.schemaBucket | string | `""` | Name of a Google Cloud Storage bucket in GCP with schema data |
