charts/noteburst/README.md, before:

# noteburst

![Version: 0.1.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.2-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Noteburst is a notebook execution service for the Rubin Science Platform.

**Homepage:** <https://noteburst.lsst.io/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| jonathansick |  | https://github.com/jonathansick |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/noteburst>

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| config.environment_url | string | None, must be set | Base URL used to find other services in the environment such as Nublado and TAP |
| config.log_level | string | `"INFO"` | Logging level: "DEBUG", "INFO", "WARNING", "ERROR", "CRITICAL" |
| config.logger_name | string | `"noteburst"` | Logger name |
| config.name | string | `"noteburst"` | Name of the service, and path where the external API is exposed. |
| config.profile | string | `"production"` | Run profile: "production" or "development" |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"lsstsqre/noteburst"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations."nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-method" | string | `"GET"` |  |
| ingress.annotations."nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-url" | string | `"http://gafaelfawr.gafaelfawr.svc.cluster.local:8080/auth?scope=exec:admin&auth_type=basic"` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext.runAsGroup | int | `1000` |  |
| podSecurityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` |  |
| podSecurityContext.runAsUser | int | `1000` |  |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` |  |
| securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| vaultSecretsPath | string | None, must be set | Path to the Vault secret (`secret/k8s_operator/<host>/noteburst`, for example) |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

Implement noteburst worker deployments
Workers are deployed as a Deployment. The worker.identities field in
values.yaml defines Science Platform identities that each worker instance
can acquire at start-up.

charts/noteburst/README.md, after:

# noteburst

![Version: 0.2.0-alpha.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.0--alpha.3-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: tickets-DM-33025](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-tickets--DM--33025-informational?style=flat-square)

Noteburst is a notebook execution service for the Rubin Science Platform.

**Homepage:** <https://noteburst.lsst.io/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| jonathansick |  | https://github.com/jonathansick |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/noteburst>

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | redis | 16.0.1 |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| config.environmentUrl | string | None, must be set | Base URL used to find other services in the environment such as Nublado and TAP |
| config.logLevel | string | `"INFO"` | Logging level: "DEBUG", "INFO", "WARNING", "ERROR", "CRITICAL" |
| config.loggerName | string | `"noteburst"` | Logger name |
| config.name | string | `"noteburst"` | Name of the service, and path where the external API is exposed. |
| config.profile | string | `"production"` | Run profile: "production" or "development" |
| config.worker.identities | list | `[]` | Science Platform user identies that workers can acquire. Each item is an object with username and uuid keys |
| config.worker.workerCount | int | `1` | Number of workers to run |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"lsstsqre/noteburst"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations."nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-method" | string | `"GET"` |  |
| ingress.annotations."nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-url" | string | `"http://gafaelfawr.gafaelfawr.svc.cluster.local:8080/auth?scope=exec:admin&auth_type=basic"` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext.runAsGroup | int | `1000` |  |
| podSecurityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` |  |
| podSecurityContext.runAsUser | int | `1000` |  |
| redis.auth.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` |  |
| securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| vaultSecretsPath | string | None, must be set | Path to the Vault secret (`secret/k8s_operator/<host>/noteburst`, for example) |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
