charts/gafaelfawr/README.md, before:

# gafaelfawr

![Version: 3.0.16](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.0.16-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.0.1-informational?style=flat-square)

The Gafaelfawr authentication and authorization system

**Homepage:** <https://gafaelfawr.lsst.io/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| rra |  |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| cloudsql.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy sidecar, used with CloudSQL databases on Google Cloud |
| cloudsql.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for Cloud SQL Auth Proxy images |
| cloudsql.image.repository | string | `"gcr.io/cloudsql-docker/gce-proxy"` | Cloud SQL Auth Proxy image to use |
| cloudsql.image.tag | string | `"1.22.0-buster"` | Cloud SQL Auth Proxy tag to use |
| cloudsql.instanceConnectionName | string | `""` | Instance connection name for a CloudSQL PostgreSQL instance |
| cloudsql.serviceAccount | string | `""` | The Google service account that has an IAM binding to the `gafaelfawr` and `gafaelfawr-tokens` Kubernetes service accounts and has the `cloudsql.client` role |
| config.cilogon.clientId | string | `""` | CILogon client ID. One and only one of this or config.github.clientId must be set. |
| config.cilogon.loginParams | object | `{"skin":"LSST"}` | Additional parameters to add |
| config.cilogon.redirectUrl | string | `/login` at the value of config.host | Return URL given to CILogon (must match the CILogon configuration) |
| config.cilogon.test | bool | `false` | Whether to use the test instance of CILogon |
| config.databaseUrl | string | None, must be set | URL for the PostgreSQL database |
| config.github.clientId | string | `""` | GitHub client ID. One and only one of this or config.cilogon.clientId must be set. |
| config.groupMapping | object | `{}` | Defines a mapping of scopes to groups that provide that scope. Tokens from an OpenID Connect provider such as CILogon that include groups in an `isMemberOf` claim will be granted scopes based on this mapping. |
| config.host | string | None, must be set | Used to construct issuers and URLs. |
| config.initialAdmins | list | `[]` | Usernames to add as administrators when initializing a new database. Used only if there are no administrators. |
| config.issuer.expMinutes | int | `43200` (30 days) | Session length and token expiration (in minutes) |
| config.issuer.influxdb.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to issue tokens for InfluxDB. If set to true, `influxdb-secret` must be set in the Gafaelfawr secret. |
| config.issuer.influxdb.username | string | `""` | If set, force all InfluxDB tokens to have that username instead of the authenticated identity of the user requesting a token |
| config.knownScopes | object | See the `values.yaml` file | Names and descriptions of all scopes in use. This is used to populate the new token creation page. Only scopes listed here will be options when creating a new token. |
| config.loglevel | string | `"INFO"` | Choose from the text form of Python logging levels |
| config.oidcServer.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to support OpenID Connect clients. If set to true, `oidc-server-secrets` must be set in the Gafaelfawr secret. |
| config.proxies | list | [`10.0.0.0/8`, `172.16.0.0/12`, `192.168.0.0/16`] | List of netblocks used for internal Kubernetes IP addresses, used to determine the true client IP for logging |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override the full name for resources (includes the release name) |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for the Gafaelfawr image |
| image.repository | string | `"lsstsqre/gafaelfawr"` | Gafaelfawr image to use |
| image.tag | string | The appVersion of the chart | Tag of Gafaelfawr image to use |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Secret names to use for all Docker pulls |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations to add to the ingress |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` | Whether to create an ingress |
| ingress.host | string | `""` | Hostname for the ingress. This should normally be the same as config.host. |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Configures TLS for the ingress if needed. If multiple ingresses share the same hostname, only one of them needs a TLS configuration. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override the base name for resources |
| networkPolicy.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to restrict access to the Gafaelfawr service. Only enable if the ingress controller namespace is tagged with `gafaelfawr.lsst.io/ingress: "true"`. |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selector rules for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| redis.affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the Redis pod |
| redis.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for the Redis image |
| redis.image.repository | string | `"redis"` | Redis image to use |
| redis.image.tag | string | `"6.2.1"` | Redis image tag to use |
| redis.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selection rules for the Redis pod |
| redis.persistence.accessMode | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` | Access mode of storage to request |
| redis.persistence.enabled | bool | `true` | Whether to persist Redis storage and thus tokens. Setting this to false will use `emptyDir` and reset all tokens on every restart. Only use this for a test deployment. |
| redis.persistence.size | string | `"1Gi"` | Amount of persistent storage to request |
| redis.persistence.storageClass | string | `""` | Class of storage to request |
| redis.persistence.volumeClaimName | string | `""` | Use an existing PVC, not dynamic provisioning. If this is set, the size, storageClass, and accessMode settings are ignored. |
| redis.podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Pod annotations for the Redis pod |
| redis.tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the Redis pod |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of web frontend pods to start |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account. If CloudSQL is in use, the annotation specifying the Google service account will also be added. |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `false` | Force creation of a service account. Normally, no service account is used or mounted. If CloudSQL is enabled, a service account is always created regardless of this value. |
| serviceAccount.name | string | Name based on the fullname template | Name of the service account to use |
| tokens.affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the token management pod |
| tokens.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selection rules for the token management pod |
| tokens.podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the token management pod |
| tokens.schedule | string | `"*/15 * * * *"` (every 15 minutes) | CronJob schedule for updating Kubernetes secrets |
| tokens.secrets | list | `[]` | List of Kubernetes secrets to maintain. Each will contain a Gafaelfawr service tokens, which can be used by other applications to make API calls that are protected by Gafaelfawr. Set `secretName`, `secretNamespace`, `service` (all strings), and `scopes` (a list) for each secret. If this is empty, the cron job will not be created. |
| tokens.serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account. If CloudSQL is in use, the annotation specifying the Google service account will also be added. |
| tokens.serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Create a Kubernetes service account to use for token management with a cluster role that allows it to list, get, patch, and delete secrets in any namespace. Even if true, it is only created if tokens.secrets is non-empty. |
| tokens.serviceAccount.name | string | Formed by appending `-tokens` to the fullname template | Name of the service account to use |
| tokens.tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the token management pod |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| vaultSecretsPath | string | None, must be set | Path to the Vault secret (`secret/k8s_operator/<host>/gafaelfawr`, for example) |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

Support Gafaelfawr custom resource
Add a custom resource definition for GafaelfawrServiceTokens,
implemented via the new controller in Gafaelfawr 3.0.0.  Deploy that
controller instead of the cron job and post-install hook that
created secrets based on the Gafaelfawr configuration, and drop
support for the now-obsolete Gafaelfawr configuration block to
specify the secrets to create.

Convert mobu and nublado2 to use GafaelfawrServiceToken custom
resources for their service token secrets, and delete the remnants
of the pre-Gafaelfawr-2.0.0 support for mounting Gafaelfawr's
signing key to forge JWTs.

Fix the securityContext for the Gafaelfawr CloudSQL sidecar
container.  The securityContext stanza was present twice, which
meant only the second one had any effect.

charts/gafaelfawr/README.md, after:

# gafaelfawr

![Version: 4.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 3.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-3.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

The Gafaelfawr authentication and authorization system

**Homepage:** <https://gafaelfawr.lsst.io/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| rra |  |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| cloudsql.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy sidecar, used with CloudSQL databases on Google Cloud |
| cloudsql.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for Cloud SQL Auth Proxy images |
| cloudsql.image.repository | string | `"gcr.io/cloudsql-docker/gce-proxy"` | Cloud SQL Auth Proxy image to use |
| cloudsql.image.tag | string | `"1.22.0-buster"` | Cloud SQL Auth Proxy tag to use |
| cloudsql.instanceConnectionName | string | `""` | Instance connection name for a CloudSQL PostgreSQL instance |
| cloudsql.serviceAccount | string | `""` | The Google service account that has an IAM binding to the `gafaelfawr` and `gafaelfawr-tokens` Kubernetes service accounts and has the `cloudsql.client` role |
| config.cilogon.clientId | string | `""` | CILogon client ID. One and only one of this or config.github.clientId must be set. |
| config.cilogon.loginParams | object | `{"skin":"LSST"}` | Additional parameters to add |
| config.cilogon.redirectUrl | string | `/login` at the value of config.host | Return URL given to CILogon (must match the CILogon configuration) |
| config.cilogon.test | bool | `false` | Whether to use the test instance of CILogon |
| config.databaseUrl | string | None, must be set | URL for the PostgreSQL database |
| config.github.clientId | string | `""` | GitHub client ID. One and only one of this or config.cilogon.clientId must be set. |
| config.groupMapping | object | `{}` | Defines a mapping of scopes to groups that provide that scope. Tokens from an OpenID Connect provider such as CILogon that include groups in an `isMemberOf` claim will be granted scopes based on this mapping. |
| config.host | string | None, must be set | Used to construct issuers and URLs. |
| config.initialAdmins | list | `[]` | Usernames to add as administrators when initializing a new database. Used only if there are no administrators. |
| config.issuer.expMinutes | int | `43200` (30 days) | Session length and token expiration (in minutes) |
| config.issuer.influxdb.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to issue tokens for InfluxDB. If set to true, `influxdb-secret` must be set in the Gafaelfawr secret. |
| config.issuer.influxdb.username | string | `""` | If set, force all InfluxDB tokens to have that username instead of the authenticated identity of the user requesting a token |
| config.knownScopes | object | See the `values.yaml` file | Names and descriptions of all scopes in use. This is used to populate the new token creation page. Only scopes listed here will be options when creating a new token. |
| config.loglevel | string | `"INFO"` | Choose from the text form of Python logging levels |
| config.oidcServer.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to support OpenID Connect clients. If set to true, `oidc-server-secrets` must be set in the Gafaelfawr secret. |
| config.proxies | list | [`10.0.0.0/8`, `172.16.0.0/12`, `192.168.0.0/16`] | List of netblocks used for internal Kubernetes IP addresses, used to determine the true client IP for logging |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override the full name for resources (includes the release name) |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for the Gafaelfawr image |
| image.repository | string | `"lsstsqre/gafaelfawr"` | Gafaelfawr image to use |
| image.tag | string | The appVersion of the chart | Tag of Gafaelfawr image to use |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Secret names to use for all Docker pulls |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations to add to the ingress |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` | Whether to create an ingress |
| ingress.host | string | `""` | Hostname for the ingress. This should normally be the same as config.host. |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Configures TLS for the ingress if needed. If multiple ingresses share the same hostname, only one of them needs a TLS configuration. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override the base name for resources |
| networkPolicy.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to restrict access to the Gafaelfawr service. Only enable if the ingress controller namespace is tagged with `gafaelfawr.lsst.io/ingress: "true"`. |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selector rules for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| redis.affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the Redis pod |
| redis.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Pull policy for the Redis image |
| redis.image.repository | string | `"redis"` | Redis image to use |
| redis.image.tag | string | `"6.2.3"` | Redis image tag to use |
| redis.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selection rules for the Redis pod |
| redis.persistence.accessMode | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` | Access mode of storage to request |
| redis.persistence.enabled | bool | `true` | Whether to persist Redis storage and thus tokens. Setting this to false will use `emptyDir` and reset all tokens on every restart. Only use this for a test deployment. |
| redis.persistence.size | string | `"1Gi"` | Amount of persistent storage to request |
| redis.persistence.storageClass | string | `""` | Class of storage to request |
| redis.persistence.volumeClaimName | string | `""` | Use an existing PVC, not dynamic provisioning. If this is set, the size, storageClass, and accessMode settings are ignored. |
| redis.podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Pod annotations for the Redis pod |
| redis.tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the Redis pod |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of web frontend pods to start |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account. If CloudSQL is in use, the annotation specifying the Google service account will also be added. |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `false` | Force creation of a service account. Normally, no service account is used or mounted. If CloudSQL is enabled, a service account is always created regardless of this value. |
| serviceAccount.name | string | Name based on the fullname template | Name of the service account to use |
| tokens.affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity rules for the token management pod |
| tokens.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selection rules for the token management pod |
| tokens.podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the token management pod |
| tokens.resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the Gafaelfawr token management pod |
| tokens.serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account. If CloudSQL is in use, the annotation specifying the Google service account will also be added. |
| tokens.serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Create a Kubernetes service account to use for token management with a cluster role that allows it to list, get, patch, and delete secrets in any namespace. Even if true, it is only created if tokens.secrets is non-empty. |
| tokens.serviceAccount.name | string | Formed by appending `-tokens` to the fullname template | Name of the service account to use |
| tokens.tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the token management pod |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the Gafaelfawr frontend pod |
| vaultSecretsPath | string | None, must be set | Path to the Vault secret (`secret/k8s_operator/<host>/gafaelfawr`, for example) |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
