charts/alert-stream-schema-registry/README.md, before:

# alert-stream-schema-registry

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Confluent Schema Registry for managing schema versions for the Alert Stream

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| swnelson | swnelson@uw.edu |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| clusterName | string | `"alert-broker"` | Strimzi "cluster name" of the broker to use as a backend. |
| hostname | string | `"alert-schemas-int.lsst.cloud"` | Hostname for an ingress which sends traffic to the Schema Registry. |
| name | string | `"alert-schema-registry"` | Name used by the registry, and by its users. |
| schemaSync | object | `{"image":{"repository":"swnelson/lsst_alert_packet","tag":"latest"},"subject":"alert-packet"}` | Configuration for the Job which injects the most recent alert_packet schema into the Schema Registry |
| schemaSync.image.repository | string | `"swnelson/lsst_alert_packet"` | Repository of a container which has the alert_packet syncLatestSchemaToRegistry.py program |
| schemaSync.image.tag | string | `"latest"` | Version of the container to use |
| schemaSync.subject | string | `"alert-packet"` | Subject name to use when inserting data into the Schema Registry |
| schemaTopic | string | `"registry-schemas"` | Name of the topic used by the Schema Registry to store data. |
| strimziAPIVersion | string | `"v1beta2"` | Version of the Strimzi Custom Resource API. The correct value depends on the deployed version of Strimzi. See [this blog post](https://strimzi.io/blog/2021/04/29/api-conversion/) for more. |

Commit message:

alert-stream-schema-registry: add port to values
Add port to alert-stream-schema-registry chart values. It's not actually a
modifiable value, but it's repeated in templates, and this makes that clear.

charts/alert-stream-schema-registry/README.md, after:

# alert-stream-schema-registry

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Confluent Schema Registry for managing schema versions for the Alert Stream

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| swnelson | swnelson@uw.edu |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| clusterName | string | `"alert-broker"` | Strimzi "cluster name" of the broker to use as a backend. |
| hostname | string | `"alert-schemas-int.lsst.cloud"` | Hostname for an ingress which sends traffic to the Schema Registry. |
| name | string | `"alert-schema-registry"` | Name used by the registry, and by its users. |
| port | int | `8081` | Port where the registry is listening. NOTE: Not actually configurable in strimzi-registry-operator, so this basically cannot be changed. |
| schemaSync | object | `{"image":{"repository":"swnelson/lsst_alert_packet","tag":"latest"},"subject":"alert-packet"}` | Configuration for the Job which injects the most recent alert_packet schema into the Schema Registry |
| schemaSync.image.repository | string | `"swnelson/lsst_alert_packet"` | Repository of a container which has the alert_packet syncLatestSchemaToRegistry.py program |
| schemaSync.image.tag | string | `"latest"` | Version of the container to use |
| schemaSync.subject | string | `"alert-packet"` | Subject name to use when inserting data into the Schema Registry |
| schemaTopic | string | `"registry-schemas"` | Name of the topic used by the Schema Registry to store data. |
| strimziAPIVersion | string | `"v1beta2"` | Version of the Strimzi Custom Resource API. The correct value depends on the deployed version of Strimzi. See [this blog post](https://strimzi.io/blog/2021/04/29/api-conversion/) for more. |
